[Consensus Voting] Fix consensus integration tests (#1818)
onflow/flow-go: integration/README.md

## How does Flow Integration Tests work

> The integration tests creates a network in local with different node types running as docker instances. The docker instances are created and started in the test case by a testing utility called `testingdock`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration tests create a network locally with different node types running as docker instances. The docker instances are created and started in the test case by a testing utility called `testingdock`.
```

And we could construct an execution receipt and control the Ghost execution node to send the execution receipt to the consensus node.

Why not just launching a full execution node instance in the consensus integration tests instead of using Ghost node?

Because launching a full execution node in the consensus integration tests will be resource heavy. It also slows down the test case and might introduce other noises. Using a ghost node as a mock simplifes the test cases, and allows us to focus more on the specfic consensus related test cases to cover.

### Rebuild image when debugging
During test cases debugging, you might want to update some code. However, if you run `make integration-test` after updating the code, the new change will not be included, because the integration tests still use the old code from the docker image, which was built before adding the changes.

So you need to rebuild all the images by running `make docker-build-flow` again before re-running the integration tests.

> Rebuilding all images take quite some time, here is a shortcut:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rebuilding all images takes quite some time, here is a shortcut:
```
